[DOCS-7432] Configure existing pipelines for OP (#22205)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/configure_existing_pipelines/source_env_vars/sumo_logic.md

Sumo Logic address

>     - The bind address that your Observability Pipelines Worker listens on to receive logs originally intended for the Sumo Logic HTTP Source. For example, `0.0.0.0:80`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The bind address that your Observability Pipelines Worker listens on to receive logs originally intended for the Sumo Logic HTTP Source. For example, `0.0.0.0:80`.
```

    **Note**: `/receiver/v1/http/` path is automatically appended to the endpoint.

>     - Stored in the environment variable `DD_OP_SOURCE_SPLUNK_TCP_ADDRESS` `DD_OP_SOURCE_SUMO_LOGIC_ADDRESS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Stored in the environment variables `DD_OP_SOURCE_SPLUNK_TCP_ADDRESS` and  `DD_OP_SOURCE_SUMO_LOGIC_ADDRESS`.
```

Author: Updated the suggestion to remove splunk TCP address because it doesn't belong here.
